# Drew-Crix
Projects by Drew Crix

The purpose of the project was to design a communication dissemination system for Sunnybrook employers and employees to be able to track and access necessary documents easily. The employers needed a way to be able to easily see who has completed the necessary training and post/update any new information for Sunnybrook employees to be able to complete. The employees needed a system in which all necessary training for them is located and they are notified when any new training is required. The system allows for improved organization and communication between employers and employees by updating the necessary people in real time when documents have been posted, updated, completed, put on hold, etc. The website was designed using PHP and JavaScript as the backend languages and HTML and CSS to develop the frontend. An SQL database was used to store necessary information and was protected from SQL injection by careful handling of the PHP code. All necessary information was assigned properties in the database that can be queried for use in the backend code. The website has two main access portals. One for general users and one for Admins. The Admin level is given separate permissions depending on the persons position.

Having little to no experience with any of the languages including SQL databases I spent the first month learning all these topics. While learning I began setting up an overall plan of how the system would be designed. The next month and a half were spent developing and testing the backend code through the terminal and setting up all necessary file paths. Once the server was online to run the website the rest of the time was spent testing the website and fixing any errors. As well time was spent adding new features to improve the backend of the site and the overall design. The final few weeks were spent on documentation and final edits to properly setup the project for future use

